cloudflare_notification_policy: re-create manually deleted policy (#2791)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: .changelog/2791.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/cloudflare_notification_policy: re-create manually deleted policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/cloudflare_notification_policy: handle manually deleted policies by removing them from state
```
